c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\FlightReservationApp.exe.config
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\FlightReservationApp.exe
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\FlightReservationApp.pdb
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.xml
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.xml
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.xml
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\obj\Debug\FlightReservationApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\obj\Debug\FlightReservationApp.Form1.resources
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\obj\Debug\FlightReservationApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\obj\Debug\FlightReservationApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\obj\Debug\FlightReservationApp.exe
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\obj\Debug\FlightReservationApp.pdb
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\obj\Debug\FlightReservationApp.exe.licenses
c:\users\mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\obj\Debug\FlightReservationApp.SplashScreen1.resources
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\obj\Debug\FlightReservationApp.WaitForm1.resources
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Images.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\obj\Debug\FlightReservationApp.Form2.resources
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\obj\Debug\FlightReservationApp.Form3.resources
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\obj\Debug\FlightReservationApp.InsEmployee.resources
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\obj\Debug\FlightReservationApp.InsPlane.resources
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\obj\Debug\FlightReservationApp.WaitForm2.resources
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\obj\Debug\FlightReservationApp.WaitForm3.resources
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\obj\Debug\FlightReservationApp.PlaneGrid.resources
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\obj\Debug\FlightReservationApp.EmployeeGrid.resources
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\obj\Debug\FlightReservationApp.FlightGrid.resources
C:\Users\Mak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FlightReservationApp\FlightReservationApp\obj\Debug\FlightReservationApp.CustomerGrid.resources
